Adjust Preferences (#579)
iterate-ch/docs: cyberduck/support.md

:::::{tabs}
::::{group-tab} macOS

> Log output can be found in the `cyberduck.log` file in`~/Library/Logs/Cyberduck`. Select _Show_ in _Cyberduck → Preferences → Connection_ to reveal the log file. In addition to the current log file, there are compressed versions of the latest 5 cycled log files named like `cyberduck-*.log.zip` available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log output can be found in the `cyberduck.log` file in`~/Library/Logs/Cyberduck`. Select _Show_ in _Cyberduck → Preferences → Connection_ to reveal the log file. In addition to the current log file, compressed versions of the latest five cycled log files named `cyberduck-*.log.zip` are available.
```

> Log output can be found in the `cyberduck.log` file in`~/Library/Logs/Cyberduck`. Select _Show_ in _Cyberduck → Preferences → Connection_ to reveal the log file. In addition to the current log file, there are compressed versions of the latest five cycled log files named `cyberduck-*.log.zip` are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log output can be found in the `cyberduck.log` file in`~/Library/Logs/Cyberduck`. Select _Show_ in _Cyberduck → Preferences → Connection_ to reveal the log file. In addition to the current log file, compressed versions of the latest five cycled log files named `cyberduck-*.log.zip` are available.
```
